Provisioning: datasources auto deletion (#83034)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/provisioning/index.md

The configuration file can also list data sources to automatically delete, called `deleteDatasources`.
Grafana deletes the data sources listed in `deleteDatasources` _before_ adding or updating those in the `datasources` list.

In order to delete data sources by simply removing the configuration from the file instead of manually listing them under `deleteDatasources`, include a `prune` parameter at the root of the YAML configuration file when provisioning them.

```
apiVersion: 1

prune: true
datasources:
  - name: PostgreSQL
    type: postgres
    ...
```

If the datasources are provisioned with this parameter, they can also be deleted by simply removing them from the YAML file or by deleting the YAML file.

> > [!NOTE]
> > This `prune` parameter is available only in apiVersion 1

Reviewer: It's more relevant to specify the Grafana version. Also the format is different:

```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
The `prune` parameter is available in Grafana v11.1 and higher.
{{% /admonition %}}
```

  - name: Graphite
    orgId: 1

> # Mark provisioned datasources for deletion if they are no longer in a provisioning file.
> # It takes no effect if datasources are already listed in the deleteDatasources section.
> prune: true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Mark provisioned data sources for deletion if they are no longer in a provisioning file.
# It takes no effect if data sources are already listed in the deleteDatasources section.
prune: true
```
